hey guys it's Andrew from HTC one soft
mother and today I'm going to be showing
you how to change your boot animation on
your HTC one now they're gonna be two
different ways to do it the first one is
gonna be requiring a twr recovery or any
other custom recovery and the other one
is gonna be using a file explorer now
both of them require a phone to be
rooted to make sure to follow that guide
of ours if you haven't done so already
and after that we'll be able to get
started so the first thing you gotta
want to do is open up Chrome and
download the Google Budokai gzip
now this way is if you're using a custom
recovery that we're gonna flash this
file using that go ahead and download
that file alright now once the file
finishes downloading you're all except
from this side of your phone please go
ahead and put it into recovery now the
way you do that is go ahead and hold the
power and the volume down button until
your phone reboots okay now once your
phone boots into bootloader put into
recovery by pressing volume down button
and then confirm you by pressing the
power okay now you're in your recovery
mode and after you get to there press
the install button and then select the
boot animation that you downloaded so
Google boot up darts it and then confirm
to splash okay what's the flash is
finished you'll be all set and you'll
have that new boot animation on your HTC
One know that this isn't the only one
that you're stuck with there's a bunch
of other ones on microchips da your
Google and you'll be able to find more
so they'll teach it for the first method
now the other one will I'll get started
on right now after you put your phone
okay now the second method is a little
bit more tricky because it requires you
changing the system file on your phone
now there's two possible occasions where
it can be a and because of that there's
two different files that you'll need to
download in order to make sure that the
boot animation changes so because of
that there is going to be two links in
the full tutorial in the description so
be sure to check those out and download
them both so there's gonna be an HTC One
boot and then put animation guides if
it's wrong so go ahead and download both
of those and open up your file explorer
okay now for this point you could use
any file explorer you want in this case
I'm using ES file explorer because of
the root privileges that are housed so
in order to enable those click on the
side bar and the
sure that root explorer is on alright so
the first we're gonna move is your boot
animation zip and to move that let's go
ahead and press and hold it click on
copy and then you're gonna move this one
into your assistant directory on your
root folder so one root go to the system
go down to media and paste it in there
alright now for the htc boot up 1-zip
we're gonna go ahead and do the same
thing but instead of copying into the
media folder
you're gonna copy it into your
customized folder self immune system go
to customize resource and then paste it
in here and I'll write the htc boot up
once it there alright one more thing
that I forgot to mention to you guys is
that you need to change your permission
of the file so go ahead on both of them
on both the HTT boot up and the boot
animation got zip go ahead and select
that click on more click properties and
then make sure on their permissions they
have the owner as read/write group and
other are both read-only after that
you're all set
be sure to reboot your device and check
out your new boot animation there you
have a guys that really hope this
tutorial helped you out and like always
be sure to LIKE comment and subscribe
and check out the full tutorial on HTC
myself martyr have a good one goes